ID: 4344, Score: 0.94795245, Payload: {'file_name': 'bookcorpus_part_ae', 'chunk_id': 344, 'text': "' she asked , hoping his answer would be long and distracting . he obligingly described his current project . the company had bought up old boatyards along the harbour shore at balmain and luc was designing a new apartment complex to be built on the site . she listened to the pleasure and satisfaction in his voice as he explained what he wanted constructed and how it would take advantage of the view , as well as catering for every modern aspect of living in the city . clearly he enjoyed his work and the opportunity to have such lavish projects to work on . he might not recognise how deeply he was tied to the peretti corporation since it had always been there for him to step into , but skye did . big money at his fingertips . big money to invest how he saw fit . big money to spend how he pleased in his private life , as well . as long as he stayed where he belonged . or was that being unfair , too ? luc had more than enough driving force to succeed in establishing himself anywhere , in any company , or on his own . why could n't she just accept that he did n't live in his father 's pocket ? because she could n't make the fear go away . it was too deeply rooted in past pain . 'do you still live at cronulla ? ' she asked , needing to know if he 'd continued living with his family in the incredibly luxurious horseshoe compound facing the waterfront there . he shook his head . 'dad sold that place five years ago . ' the timing made skye wonder if maurizio peretti had decided to shift his family right away from the neighbouring suburb of caringbah where luc 's illegitimate child was possibly far too close for comfort . luc flashed her an ironic look . 'he upgraded to a heritage-listed mansion at bellevue hill . ' mega-bucks , she thought , plus getting way out of the range of any accidental meeting with the unsuitable woman and her child . 'big enough to house three generations of the family , ' luc went on , his voice carrying a sardonic edge . everything within skye recoiled at the idea of living in the same house with his parents . it would be absolute madness to even consider marrying luc if it meant co-habiting with his family . regardless of how attractive he was to her , how good he was to matt ... 'it has n't worked out that way , ' he said , forestalling the tortured impulse to reject his proposal here and now . 'oh ? ' it was more a choked gasp than a query . skye was appalled at how wildly hope had galloped over despair . 'roberto obligingly brought his bride home- ' luc 's riveting dark eyes glittered"}
ID: 4294, Score: 0.8386292, Payload: {'file_name': 'bookcorpus_part_ae', 'chunk_id': 294, 'text': ", moved into the protective shelter of the house and closed out the man who should never have re-entered her life . it was n't fair . it was n't right . luc peretti could only bring her more grief . chapter three luc barely controlled a burning rage as he drove up the grand carriage loop to the neo-gothic mansion his father had bought at bellevue hill . twenty million dollars he 'd paid for it five years ago , and he could probably sell it for thirty now , given its heritage listing and commanding views of the sydney opera house and harbour bridge . twenty million for a piece of personal property . next to nothing for a grandson ! paid off , roberto had said . that had n't added up to luc when the private investigator had found skye and her son living in a cheap rental at brighton-le-sands . she had n't even completed her physiotherapy course , working as a masseur to make ends meet . no car . no credit rating . no evidence of a nest-egg account anywhere . he 'd wondered if she 'd torn up his father 's cheque , scorning to take anything from a family who 'd made her out to be little better than a whore . her whole demeanour this afternoon had been stamped with steely pride , determined on rejecting anything he offered . their child was her son . hers alone . sold to her for a thousand dollars-a measly thousand dollars ! luc still could not bring himself to believe his father had paid her that sum for an abortion . such an act was totally against italian culture and maurizio peretti was nothing if not traditionally italian . he might want an unwanted bastard child to disappear , especially if it could become a glitch in the peretti-luzzani master plan , but demanding its life be ended ? no . nevertheless , luc was determined on confronting his father with the accusation , given skye 's belief in it . he 'd lost her-lost five years of his son 's life-because he had n't believed her . he was not about to repeat that mistake . let his father answer for what had been done . and not done . maybe then the truth could be pieced together . he brought the ferrari to a crunching halt at the front entrance to the huge sandstone home . forty-five rooms , he thought derisively , more than enough to house a large extended family in the grandeur his father 's ambition demanded . roberto would have obliged with the desired grandchildren , but roberto was dead and his childless widow had returned to the bosom of the luzzani family for comfort . the nursery rooms were empty . so many rooms empty . luc felt the emptiness echoing all around him as he walked down the great hall to the sitting room"}
